Updated Docker image to Ubuntu-24.04 and Cargo dependencies (#1580)
cross-rs/cross: README.md

## Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

This crate is guaranteed to compile on stable Rust 1.89.0 and up. It *might*
compile with older versions, but that may change in any new patch release.

Some cross-compilation targets require a later Rust version.

> ### Xargo
> "Xargo" is no longer supported since its maintenance was stopped a long time ago,
> and its compilation is now problematic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Xargo

"Xargo" is no longer supported since its maintenance was stopped a long time ago,
most of the functionality is available when using `build-std`.
```
